・゜゜・。。・゜゜\_o< QUACK!
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▋ Ò╭╮Ó
PISSNET IS FOSS!  PISSNET IS IRC!  PISSNET IS THE FUTURE!  PISSNET IS TRUTH!  PISSNET IS INCLUSION!  PISSNET IS FORKS!  PISSNET IS FREEDOM!  PISSNET IS FOR YOU! ASK NOT WHAT YOU CAN DO FOR PISSNET, BUT WHAT PISSNET CAN DO FOR YOU!  PISSNET IS THE WAY!
SOLANUM IS THE TRUE PATH TO NIRVANA! SOLANUM HAS BEEN THE CHOICE OF EDUCATED AND IGNORANT ALIKE FOR CENTURIES! SOLANUM WILL NOT CORRUPT YOUR PRECIOUS BODILY FLUIDS!! SOLANUM IS THE STANDARD IRC SERVER! SOLANUM MAKES THE SUN SHINE AND THE BIRDS SING AND THE GRASS GREEN!!
I didn’t fuck my cat. I didn’t cum on my cat. I didn’t put my dick anywhere near my cat. I’ve never done anything weird with my cats. I promised myself I wasn’t going to make apology videos after last years thing so I’m just trying to be as short and honest with this as possible.
I have put you on a permanent ignore, public and private. I have found you disturbing, rude and generally not worth talking to. According to the channels you hang on, it strengtens the effect of wanting to put you on ignore because of my lack of interest in you as a person. This message is not meant to be rude to you, just to inform you that i won't see anything of what you type from now on.
"Ok, I have a better plan. - you learn to fly by flapping your arms fast enough - you then learn to pee burning gasoline - then, you fly around New York, setting everybody you see on fire, until people make you emperor." --Linus Torvalds
/me is broadcasting on Tilderadio! Tune in now at https://tilderadio.org/ !
We are one. We are many. We are all. We are none. We are the singularity.
We are the collective, we are seven
We are one. We are many. We are all. We are none. We are the collective.
set object rectangle from screen 0,0 to screen 1,1 behind fillcolor rgb "black" fillstyle solid noborder; set border lw 3 lc rgb "white"; set xtics textcolor rgb "white"; set xlabel "" textcolor rgb "white"; set ylabel "" textcolor rgb "white"; set key textcolor rgb "white"
set boxwidth 0.5; set style fill solid
/msg NickServ IDENTIFY TQwYoSpaZj2WFf!!VEiH272Q
I'd just like to interject for a moment.  What you're referring to as Linux, is in fact, GNU/Linux, or as I've recently taken to calling it, GNU plus Linux. Linux is not an operating system unto itself, but rather another free component of a fully functioning GNU system made useful by the GNU corelibs, shell utilities and vital system components comprising a full OS as defined by POSIX. Many computer users run a modified version of the GNU system every day, without realizing it.  Through a peculiar turn of events, the version of GNU which is widely used today is often called "Linux", and many of its users are not aware that it is basically the GNU system, developed by the GNU Project. There really is a Linux, and these people are using it, but it is just a part of the system they use.  Linux is the kernel: the program in the system that allocates the machine's resources to the other programs that you run. The kernel is an essential part of an operating system, but useless by itself; it can only function in the context of a complete operating system.  Linux is normally used in combination with the GNU operating system: the whole system is basically GNU with Linux added, or GNU/Linux.  All the so-called "Linux" distributions are really distributions of GNU/Linux.
I’d just like to interject for a moment. What you’re referring to as Freenode, is in fact, Andrew Lee/Freenode, or as I’ve recently taken to calling it, Andrew Lee plus Freenode. Freenode is not an IRC network unto itself, but rather another free component of a fully functioning business operated by Andrew Lee, Crown Prince of Korea, made useful by throwing massive temper tantrums, and letting people who turn a blind eye to the hate-speech while punishing those who object run his network.
No, Richard, it's 'Linux', not 'GNU/Linux'. The most important contributions that the FSF made to Linux were the creation of the GPL and the GCC compiler. Those are fine and inspired products. GCC is a monumental achievement and has earned you, RMS, and the Free Software Foundation countless kudos and much appreciation. Following are some reasons for you to mull over, including some already answered in your FAQ. One guy, Linus Torvalds, used GCC to make his operating system (yes, Linux is an OS -- more on this later). He named it 'Linux' with a little help from his friends. Why doesn't he call it GNU/Linux? Because he wrote it, with more help from his friends, not you. You named your stuff, I named my stuff -- including the software I wrote using GCC -- and Linus named his stuff. The proper name is Linux because Linus Torvalds says so. Linus has spoken. Accept his authority. To do otherwise is to become a nag. You don't want to be known as a nag, do you? (An operating system) != (a distribution). Linux is an operating system. By my definition, an operating system is that software which provides and limits access to hardware resources on a computer. That definition applies whereever you see Linux in use. However, Linux is usually distributed with a collection of utilities and applications to make it easily configurable as a desktop system, a server, a development box, or a graphics workstation, or whatever the user needs. In such a configuration, we have a Linux (based) distribution.
ITS MY HARD COCK https://youtu.be/yDiJKSI5VR8
AH! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XE6YaLtctcI
rollt sich ein und schläft ein.
May I have your attention. May I have your attention please. There has been a fire emergency reported in the building. Please leave the building by the nearest exit or exit stairway. Do not use the elevators.
I’m 59 and new to twitch. Is bussin good? Is it like a bussy? Can a bussy be bussin? Are they related? My grand son keeps using this word and any help will do. God Bless

